Update bc-azure-2-41.adoc (#1055)
hlxsites/prisma-cloud-docs: docs/en/enterprise-edition/policy-reference/azure-policies/azure-iam-policies/bc-azure-2-41.adoc

* *Resource:* azurerm_storage_account
* *Arguments:* sas_policy.expiration_period

> To fix this issue, the shared_access_key_enabled is mandatory, but if it is set to true, you need to configure your Azure Storage Account with a Shared Access Signature (SAS) expiration policy. This ensures that the SAS tokens, which are used for delegating access to your storage account resources, have an expiration time so as not to indefinitely expose your resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mitigate this issue, ensure that the `shared_access_key_enabled` attribute in the `azurerm_storage_account` resource is set to `false`, or configure a `sas_policy` with a defined `expiration_period` (greater than 0) if `shared_access_key_enabled` is set to `true`.
```
